TODO::
INSTALLER::
	Setup icon
	
	test the installer on windows XP
	test that you can uninstally everything
	test that you can install over the top of an old folder!
	test that installer doesn't make a duplicate eb service!

EVENTBUCKET::
	add a licence page
		copy licence lamens terms from CC
		view full licence page?
		add some links to cc lamens terms and the offical licence
		move home licence to licence page
		change footer licence logo to simpler svg one from google images
	
	add a page how to use EventBucket via multiple people at once.
		setting up a network with two devices (ad-hoc)
		setting up a network with multiple devices
			use a wifi access point - or a home wifi router will do just fine.
	
	running a prizemeeting
		


	add CC logo to the about page

	
START SHOOTING
	shooter scores come up wrong??????
scoreboard
	fix a shooters score with only sighters and no shots can get a best score.
	add gold silver bronze to aggregates
	some how sort the aggregate scores when identical by the last range that was shot. At the moment the scores when identical are flipping because of random orders
home page
	add ranges to event list
	finish calendar with current events
	upcoming events
event settings
	aggs can add up other aggs
	club name is not saving
event page
	add a form to change a shooters details - name, club, change class/grade, age group
	
	
	
	


Additional Features:
total scores
	to generate scores for 358 shooters /random-data/totalScores=1 took 1h54m57.7925213s 
Installer:
	change eb.exe to run in minimized mode so it doesn't appear or show the logs
	add eb.exe to the taskbar notifications
	maybe add uninstall old version?
about page
	technologies?
	about me?
	additional Mac or linux versions may be available if you make it worth my while
	I don't support installing EventBucket on iOS(TM) or Android(TM). However they can happily access EventBucket via your local wifi network using the Google Chrome internet browser
update
	check for updates on startup
scoreboard:
	add gold silver and bronze for each range
	add settings to configure gold silver and bronze for ranges. able to set just gold or set the first 5 places a set colour
event entry
	add gender to event entry
event-settings
	add ability to change the default port number for EventBucket
	add custom classes and grades
	connect ranges shots and sighters
	add custom classes and grades
	add gender to classes and grades
	archive event
	add option to change the order of ranges displayed on the scoreboard
	change range and aggregate form to use only one form instead of one for each table row
open archive event
	copy event
start shooting
	use event settings for ranges shots and sighters as base settings.
all pages
	Add help docs into forms and table headings
	better support for displaying errors on screen and database errors
organisers
	move forms on organisers page to events, clubs and championship pages
Shooter entry:
	set default club to current club
	when changing a shooters class/grade also update the aggregates for the old class/grade and the new class/grade
event page
	if the event id doesn't match anything - doesn't exist display a create event page
home page
	archive events



Un-important optimisations or features:
scoreboard:
	put the next class onto a new page in print preview
event settings
	delete range
	instead of setting IsPrizeMeet to false, unset the value in the collection so it doesn't exist.
all templates
	tidy up html templates and remove variables for globals and replace with $.SortRange http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16734503/access-out-of-loop-value-inside-golang-templates-loop
	set a formatting rule for variable names
all forms
	trim white space from text fields
	on submit redirect to form location id on form with #my_form_name to <fieldset><h2>Heading</h2><form id=my_form_name action=... etc
validation
	if no grade specified. set to the first one in the list. e.g. Target A or F CLass B
event show
	add edit button to edit existing shooter entries. Eventually chang this to just onclick so no edit button is needed. And add a help logo with tooltips
installer
	change installer to 64bit if possible
scoreboard
	reduce the number of DOM elements 4962 > 4602 > 2837
		- join equal position cells together if they are equal
		grade separators should only have one element with fancy borders etc, not <tr><td colspan=99 class=cnr>{{CLASSLONG .Grade}} {{.Grade}}</td></tr><tr><td colspan=99 class=rS></td></tr>
		automatically don't show the ranges if they don't  have any scores for them.
		try to join teble cells between ranges where shooters don't have any scores.
	change the colspan quantity to the actual number required. so the pages validate properly
	
http
	make a custom http.HandleFunc for each controller instead of the current setup http.ResponseWritter
		have one function per page listed in main()
		controller should know what it's own url is
		the controller should know what kind of page it is to automatically add menus and select templates.
		too much code is needed to setup a new page.
server
	add a far-future expiration date headers for favicon http://localhost/o/a
	move sortby.svg into css as base64




OPTIMISATION POTENTIAL:
database
	rename collections to one letter
scoreboard
	remove styles from triangle sort by svg and put them in the css fill:red;stroke:#000;
code
	remove html folder from install package
	move htm folder into core source code -- could this be an automatic thing?
	separate html from data - try to cache html for ever and send AJAX/Websockets for additional data.
	cache all AJAX/Websocket requests in local storage if the response flag is set to cache
		each page would have a single request with several tables that needed data like event-settings has many bits of data.
	

DONE::::::
Shooter entry:
	search from nraa database
	add nraa database 
event-entry
	hook up grades and settings to event entry
totalscores
	shooter list is not ordered by grade
organisers
	set default club for new event to the only club available (when there is only one club)
Forms:
	don't set placeholder in selects when there is a selected option
	add checking for the latest version of Chrome
event-settings
	change event name
	save classes and grades in event
	auto create 2 ranges with 1 aggregate
	set the sort by range as the default aggregate
	edit range and aggregate names
scoreboard:
	add a divider between classes
	add a divider between classes
	add the normal menu to the page. remove the existing white one.
	display which range is being sorted by.
START SHOOTING
	add button to toggle filter shooters not finished and all shooters
	shooter list is not ordered by grade
	fix menu
	footer colspan is too small when multiple classes are present
	connect score entry to database upsert!! write new javascript send events
Installer:
	licence in rtf format with bold headings
	auto start a browser when starting EB!
about
	add about page with the version number
home page
	name of day not displaying
	
0
1
2
3
4
5


	1 2 3 4 5
0	1 2 3 4 5
1	2 3 4 5 6
2	3 4 5 6 7
3	4 5 6 7 8
4	5 6 7 8 9
5	6 7 8 910



1234567890
VVVVVVVVVV 50 10
3333V33333 32 1


50 10

49 9

48 

score needs to be at least a multiple of five to have a center.